-> In 200 words or less, explain what you think the EBA is trying to achieve with this regulation, pros/cons
of this approach and what (if any) is the alternative?
EBA has published recently a new framework to follow for investment firms. This has the main target
to consolidate the current market background by providing more stability and a solid regulatory framework 
that takes into account the entire scope of market partecipants and therefore fixes issues with previous models.
In essence, small and medium firms are no longer subject to the more strict CRD/CRR framework. On the other hand,
firms with a consolidated BS of more than 30 millions will follow stricter rules. K-factors are introduced,
which lay the foundational structure for calculating new capital requirements. 
Ultimately, the investment firm directive brings primarily major changes to small to medium firms. This is 
intended for diminishing the level of prudence for such firms and invigorate their market activity and growth.
On the other hand, the new regulation does add several layers of complexity which intensifies the need of
automation and a solid technical framework for inacting such regulatory measures on the day to day basis.

-> Explain, in simple terms, what are the K-Factors?
K factors are in general terms quantitative indicators that allow clients, market participants or the firm 
itself to understand credit risks associated with a potential investment. Due to the recent crises in the last
two decades these new implementations allow for a stricter measurement of credit risk. 
K-factors are then subgrouped according to their main measuring area and are calculated as follow:

- risk-to-client: K-AUM(Assets Under Management) + 
K-CMH(Client Money Held) + K-ASA(Assets Safeguarded and Administered) + K-COH (Client Orders Handled)

- risk-to-market: max(K-NPR (Net Position Risk), K-CMG (Clearing Member Guarantee))

- risk-to-firm: K-TCD (Trading Counterparty Default risk) + K-CON(Daily Trading Flow) + K-DTF(Concentration Risk)


-> Which leg in a SFT create credit risk? The asset or the liability leg?
The liability leg creates credit risk. Essentially, the asset is sold to the party in exchange of a 
notional amount and then bought back by the original seller at the settlement date. Hence, 
if the repo seller is not able to buy back the asset at settlement he wil default on his obligation.
Even tough the original buyer can keep the asset or security, this might have lost its value due to market 
price fluctuations. 